README.md, before:

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)
[![Tests](https://github.com/omar-abdelgawad/python-project-template/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/omar-abdelgawad/image2image/actions)
[![PythonVersion](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10-blue)](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10-blue)
<!-- [![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black) -->

# Project Name
This is a template for a python project with:. It has setup.cfg and pyproject.toml with some fields to fill in. It also has tox configured, docs dir for github pages, .github folder with actions configured and more.  
Please Note that tox is configured with python 3.8,3.9, and 3.10. Feel free to reconfigure everything to your need.
- the src layout
- setuptools backend (setup.py and setup.cfg)
- pyproject.toml
- tox configured
- docs dir for github pages with a tests.yml ready
- .github dir with 
- tests dir for pytest 


## Installation/Usage
```bash
 $ git clone <repo_url>
 $ cd <repo_name>
 $ virtualenv venv
 $ source venv/bin/activate
 $ pip install -e ".[dev]"
``` 
## Package(s)

### package1
....
### package2
....

Commit message:

Fixed ruff testenv and updated readme

README.md, after:

[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)](https://opensource.org/license/mit/)
[![Tests](https://github.com/omar-abdelgawad/python-project-template/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/omar-abdelgawad/image2image/actions)
[![PythonVersion](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10-blue)](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10-blue)
<!-- [![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black) -->

# Project Name
This is a modern template for a python project with the pyproject.toml with some fields to change based on project. It also has tox configured, docs dir for github pages, .github dir with tox-gh-actions configured and more.  
- pyproject.toml
- setuptools backend (setup.py and setup.cfg)
- the src layout
- tox configured
- docs dir for github pages with a tests.yml ready
- .github dir with a tests.yml configured with tox-gh-actions
- tox configured with pytest, ruff, and mypy
- tests dir for pytest 

Please Note that tox is configured with python 3.8,3.9, and 3.10. Feel free to reconfigure everything to your need.

## Installation/Usage
```bash
 $ git clone <repo_url>
 $ cd <repo_name>
 $ virtualenv venv
 $ source venv/bin/activate
 $ pip install -e ".[dev]"
``` 

## Testing with tox
Just running `tox` with no args should work.
```bash
 $ tox
```
tox creates virtual environments and runs all of pytest, ruff, and mypy.
## Package(s)

### package1
....
### package2
....
